Opmath docs (#6589)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/news/new_opmath.rst

.. rst-class:: admonition tip

    After a period of deprecation, the legacy behaviour for operators was removed in PennyLane version 0.40.
    Anyone using the latest PennyLane will automatically use the updated operator arithmetic. Ideally, your code
    should not break when making this update. If it still does, it likely only requires some minor changes.
    For that, see the :ref:`Troubleshooting_opmath` section. If you were using any of the functions explictly

>     provided to continue using the deprecated behaviour, like ``qml.operation.disable_new_opmath()``, that

Reviewer: Will `disable_new_opmath` be available at all in v0.40? 🤔

Author: No, it won't - do you think that is unclear here?

Reviewer: I'm reading this back and I don't understand where my confusion stemmed from... chalk it up to amnesia!

Feel free to resolve :)

    **qml.Hamiltonian**

>     The classes :class:`~.pennylane.operation.Tensor` and :class:`~.pennylane.Hamiltonian` have been removed.
>     :class:`~.ops.op_math.LinearCombination` offers the same API as :class:`~.pennylane.Hamiltonian` but works well
>     with new opmath classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The classes :class:`~.pennylane.operation.Tensor` and :class:`~.pennylane.ops.Hamiltonian` have been removed. The familiar ``qml.Hamiltonian`` can still be used, which dispatches to ``LinearCombination`` and offers the same usage and functionality but
      with different implementation details.
```

Then we can remove the sentence below (won't let me suggest on all four of these lines at once 😿 )

>     The familiar ``qml.Hamiltonian`` can still be used, and will dispatch to ``LinearCombination``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    >>> import pennylane as qml
    >>> from pennylane import X
    >>> H = qml.Hamiltonian([0.5, 0.5], [X(0), X(1)])
    >>> type(H)

>     pennylane.ops.op_math.linear_combination.LinearCombination

Reviewer: :nice-cream:

Author: aaaaaaaah 🙈
